docs: update migration doc unique (#3335)
garden-co/jazz: homepage/homepage/content/docs/upgrade/0-20-0.mdx

- We dropped support for `RNQuickCrypto`. RNCrypto is now the default crypto provider on React Native.
- There is no more fallback to Javascript crypto. If the crypto fails to initialize, it will throw an error. 
**NB**: if you use WASM crypto on Edge runtimes, you need to ensure that WASM is available and initialized. See more details at [WASM on Edge runtimes](/docs/react/server-side/setup#wasm-on-edge-runtimes).

> - Restrict the `unique` property to only accept specific values instead of any `JsonValue`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- We have resticted the type of [unique](/docs/react/core-concepts/covalues/comaps#uniqueness) to make the cross-language serialization more stable. You can now pass only strings or records of strings as unique params. 
```

We should explain the change by giving more context on the API affected, as some people might not know what unique is and give some idea of the change so they can know if they are affected before jumping to the upgrade section.

## Breaking changes

> ### `unique` validation type

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### A more strict `unique` param
```

The `unique` property now enforces strict type validation, limiting inputs to specific primitives rather than generic `JsonValue` types.
Accepted types are `string`, `boolean`, `null`, `undefined`, or objects containing `string` values.

Providing any other type will throw an error, with the following distinction for numbers:
- Floating-point numbers (e.g., `1.5`) are strictly forbidden and will throw an error.
- Integers (e.g., `1`) are accepted and will not throw an error, though their usage is deprecated and not supported in the type system anymore.

<Alert variant="warning" title="Deprecation notice" className="mt-4 mb-4">
Usage of number for uniqueness is deprecated, even for integers. 
While integers do not currently throw a runtime error, we recommend converting them to strings or explicitly bypassing the type check.

> </Alert>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

This is already explained above, and I don't think an alert is required.

## Breaking changes

### A more strict `unique` param

The [unique](/docs/react/core-concepts/covalues/comaps#uniqueness) param is a attribute that is used to identify a CoValue uniquely with a human readable identifier. 
It is used to create a deterministic ID for the CoValue.
Before 0.20.0, you could pass any `JsonValue` as unique param. This was not stable across languages and could lead to unexpected behavior.

The `unique` property now enforces strict type validation, limiting inputs to specific primitives rather than generic `JsonValue` types.
Accepted types are `string`, `boolean`, `null`, `undefined`, or objects containing `string` values.

Providing any other type will throw an error, with the following distinction for numbers:
- Floating-point numbers (e.g., `1.5`) are strictly forbidden and will throw an error.
- Integers (e.g., `1`) are accepted and will not throw an error, though their usage is deprecated and not supported in the type system anymore.

We expect that this change **does not affect any real usages of Jazz** based on our data from SaaS-hosted projects.

> However, since we do **not have visibility into self-hosted sync server deployments**, there is a very small possibility that your code may rely on the previously allowed unique value types.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
However, since we do **not have visibility into self-hosted sync server deployments**, we cannot rule out the possibility that your code may rely on the previously allowed unique value types.
```
